legal/EN_satzung.md, before:

# Statutes

Note: This is a translation of the German version.
It is not legally binding and is provided primarily for your convenience. 


## Name, seat, business year

1. The association bears the name "oemof".
   The association shall be registered in the register of associations.
   After the registration the name is supplemented by the addition "e.V.".
2. The seat of the association is Berlin.
3. The business year is the calendar year.
   The founding year is a truncated year.


## Purpose and goals

1. The association pursues exclusively and directly non-profit purposes in the sense of the section "tax-privileged purposes" of the tax code.
2. The purpose of the association is the promotion of science and research.
    This purpose is realized by
    1. providing scientific software,
         especially software of the "Open Energy Modelling Framework",
         under open source licenses recognized by the "Open Source Initiative" and
    2. supporting the further development, maintenance, application and documentation of this software.


## Selflessness

1. The association is selfless active. It does not primarily pursue its own economic purposes.
2. The means of the association may be used only for its statutory purposes.
    Members may not receive any share of the profits and, in their capacity as members, may not receive any other benefits from the association's funds.
3. No person may be favored by expenditures, which are foreign to the purpose of the association, or by disproportionately high privileges.


## Bodies of the Association

1. The organs of the association are
    1. the general meeting and
    2. the executive board.
2. the executive board consists of three members
    1. spokesperson,
    2. secretary and
    3. treasurer.
3. The board is elected by the general meeting for a period of one year. Re-election is permitted. If there is no successor at the end of the election period, the board member in charge will continue in office until the next general meeting.
4. The members of the board must be natural persons of full legal capacity and members of the association.
    Two members of the board shall not be employed by the same employer.
5. The executive board represents the association judicially and extrajudicially in the sense of § 26 BGB (German Civil Code),
    whereby each member of the board is authorized to represent the association.
6. The executive board gives itself rules of procedure, which must be confirmed by the meeting of the members.
7. The executive board is the superior of all persons employed by the association.


## Meetings and communication

1. All meetings of the association and its bodies may be held by means of remote communication, subject to reasonable identity checks.
2. Notice deadlines shall be deemed to have been met if the notice has been sent or posted before the deadline has passed.
3. A notification shall be deemed to have been served if it has been sent to the last address known to the association or published on the association's website.
4. If a person to be notified agrees, notice deadlines and formalities may be waived with respect to that person.


## Membership

1. Natural persons of full age as well as legal entities can become members of the association.
2. The declaration of membership is made to the board of directors.
3. The board decides on admission. The admission takes place after free discretion.
    In case of refusal, the board is not obliged to inform the applicant of the reasons for refusal.
4. Membership ends by resignation from the association, by death, exclusion or deletion from the list of members.
5. A member can be deleted from the list of members by decision of the executive board if he/she is in arrears with the payment of membership fees or contributions despite a written reminder.
    This deletion does not exempt the member from the payment of arrears in membership fees and contributions.
6. A member can be excluded if he culpably violates the interests of the association in a gross manner. The exclusion takes place by resolution of the meeting of the members. Before the resolution is passed, the member must be given the opportunity to make an oral or written statement. The decision must be justified in writing and communicated to the member. An objection to this may be lodged with the executive board within one month of receipt of the resolution. The next general meeting shall make the final decision on this objection.


## Contributions

1. The association charges a membership fee for all types of members.
    The maximum amount of these contributions is to be determined by the general meeting.
2. In justified cases members can be exempted from the obligation to contribute.
3. More details are regulated by the contribution rules.

## General meeting of members

1. The supreme body of the association is the general meeting of members.
    All matters provided for in these articles of association or by law shall be subject to its decision-making,
    in particular
    1. election of the board of directors,
    2. election of the financial auditors,
    3. resolution on the annual report of the board,
    4. discharge of the board,
    5. adoption of the contribution rules,
    6. amendments to the statutes, and
    7. dissolution of the association.
2. Once in the business year an ordinary general meeting of members should take place.
    An extraordinary general meeting shall be convened
    if the circumstances require it. More details are regulated in the rules of procedure.
3. General meetings shall be convened by the board of directors with twenty-eight days' notice and with a proposed agenda.
    Any member may request the inclusion of additional items on the agenda.
    The final agenda shall be decided by the general meeting.
The meeting shall be chaired by the spokesperson or, in his/her absence, by another member of the executive board.
    If no board member is present, the general meeting will appoint a chairperson.
    In the case of elections, the chairmanship of the meeting may be delegated to another member for the duration of the election process and the preceding discussion.
5. A general meeting convened in accordance with the statutes shall in any case constitute a quorum.
6. If in votes only one option stands to the choice, then tuning is permissible by acclamation.


## Amendments to the Statutes

1. Amendments to the statutes can be decided by the general meeting with a majority of 2/3 of the votes cast,
    if this point was expressly mentioned on the agenda when the meeting was convened.
    Voting by remote means of communication shall be permitted from the time of the invitation.
2. Amendments to the statutes required by supervisory, reporting or financial authorities for formal reasons may be made by the board of directors on its own initiative.
    Amendments to the statutes must be communicated to the members in text form as soon as possible.
3. The statutes shall be legally valid in their German version.
    In addition, an English translation must be prepared,
    which is of a purely informative nature.
    Changes in content are always to be made to both versions.


## Financial audit

1. Two financial auditors are to be elected by the general meeting for one year each.
    They have the task of auditing the accounts of the past fiscal year of the association.
2. All documents of the association, invoices, bank statements and the like are to be made available to the financial auditors.
3. The financial auditors must be members of the association with full legal capacity.
    They may not be a member of the board and may not be employed by the association.
4. The financial audit should be completed at least one month before the ordinary general meeting.


## Dissolution

1. The dissolution of the association can only be decided in a general meeting,
    which has been explicitly convened for this purpose,
    with a majority of 3/4 of the votes cast and a maximum of five dissenting votes.
2. Unless the general meeting decides otherwise, the board of directors will take over the liquidation.
3. In the case of dissolution of the association or discontinuation of the previous purpose, the assets of the association shall fall to the "Free Software Foundation Europe",
    which has to use it directly and exclusively for non-profit purposes.

Commit message:

Add rule for minutes of the general meeting

legal/EN_satzung.md, after:

# Statutes

Note: This is a translation of the German version.
It is not legally binding and is provided primarily for your convenience. 


## Name, seat, business year

1. The association bears the name "oemof".
   The association shall be registered in the register of associations.
   After the registration the name is supplemented by the addition "e.V.".
2. The seat of the association is Berlin.
3. The business year is the calendar year.
   The founding year is a truncated year.


## Purpose and goals

1. The association pursues exclusively and directly non-profit purposes in the sense of the section "tax-privileged purposes" of the tax code.
2. The purpose of the association is the promotion of science and research.
    This purpose is realized by
    1. providing scientific software,
         especially software of the "Open Energy Modelling Framework",
         under open source licenses recognized by the "Open Source Initiative" and
    2. supporting the further development, maintenance, application and documentation of this software.


## Selflessness

1. The association is selfless active. It does not primarily pursue its own economic purposes.
2. The means of the association may be used only for its statutory purposes.
    Members may not receive any share of the profits and, in their capacity as members, may not receive any other benefits from the association's funds.
3. No person may be favored by expenditures, which are foreign to the purpose of the association, or by disproportionately high privileges.


## Bodies of the Association

1. The organs of the association are
    1. the general meeting and
    2. the executive board.
2. the executive board consists of three members
    1. spokesperson,
    2. secretary and
    3. treasurer.
3. The board is elected by the general meeting for a period of one year. Re-election is permitted. If there is no successor at the end of the election period, the board member in charge will continue in office until the next general meeting.
4. The members of the board must be natural persons of full legal capacity and members of the association.
    Two members of the board shall not be employed by the same employer.
5. The executive board represents the association judicially and extrajudicially in the sense of § 26 BGB (German Civil Code),
    whereby each member of the board is authorized to represent the association.
6. The executive board gives itself rules of procedure, which must be confirmed by the meeting of the members.
7. The executive board is the superior of all persons employed by the association.


## Meetings and communication

1. All meetings of the association and its bodies may be held by means of remote communication, subject to reasonable identity checks.
2. Notice deadlines shall be deemed to have been met if the notice has been sent or posted before the deadline has passed.
3. A notification shall be deemed to have been served if it has been sent to the last address known to the association or published on the association's website.
4. If a person to be notified agrees, notice deadlines and formalities may be waived with respect to that person.


## Membership

1. Natural persons of full age as well as legal entities can become members of the association.
2. The declaration of membership is made to the board of directors.
3. The board decides on admission. The admission takes place after free discretion.
    In case of refusal, the board is not obliged to inform the applicant of the reasons for refusal.
4. Membership ends by resignation from the association, by death, exclusion or deletion from the list of members.
5. A member can be deleted from the list of members by decision of the executive board if he/she is in arrears with the payment of membership fees or contributions despite a written reminder.
    This deletion does not exempt the member from the payment of arrears in membership fees and contributions.
6. A member can be excluded if he culpably violates the interests of the association in a gross manner. The exclusion takes place by resolution of the meeting of the members. Before the resolution is passed, the member must be given the opportunity to make an oral or written statement. The decision must be justified in writing and communicated to the member. An objection to this may be lodged with the executive board within one month of receipt of the resolution. The next general meeting shall make the final decision on this objection.


## Contributions

1. The association charges a membership fee for all types of members.
    The maximum amount of these contributions is to be determined by the general meeting.
2. In justified cases members can be exempted from the obligation to contribute.
3. More details are regulated by the contribution rules.

## General meeting of members

1. The supreme body of the association is the general meeting of members.
    All matters provided for in these articles of association or by law shall be subject to its decision-making,
    in particular
    1. election of the board of directors,
    2. election of the financial auditors,
    3. resolution on the annual report of the board,
    4. discharge of the board,
    5. adoption of the contribution rules,
    6. amendments to the statutes, and
    7. dissolution of the association.
2. Once in the business year an ordinary general meeting of members should take place.
    An extraordinary general meeting shall be convened
    if the circumstances require it. More details are regulated in the rules of procedure.
3. General meetings shall be convened by the board of directors with twenty-eight days' notice and with a proposed agenda.
    Any member may request the inclusion of additional items on the agenda.
    The final agenda shall be decided by the general meeting.
4. The meeting shall be chaired by the spokesperson or, in his/her absence, by another member of the executive board.
    If no board member is present, the general meeting will appoint a chairperson.
    In the case of elections, the chairmanship of the meeting may be delegated to another member for the duration of the election process and the preceding discussion.
    Furthermore, the meeting appoints a person to keep the minutes for the meeting.
5. A general meeting convened in accordance with the statutes shall in any case constitute a quorum.
6. If in votes only one option stands to the choice, then tuning is permissible by acclamation.
7. The protocol of the general meeting has to be signed by the by the meetings chair and the keeper of the minutes.


## Amendments to the Statutes

1. Amendments to the statutes can be decided by the general meeting with a majority of 2/3 of the votes cast,
    if this point was expressly mentioned on the agenda when the meeting was convened.
    Voting by remote means of communication shall be permitted from the time of the invitation.
2. Amendments to the statutes required by supervisory, reporting or financial authorities for formal reasons may be made by the board of directors on its own initiative.
    Amendments to the statutes must be communicated to the members in text form as soon as possible.
3. The statutes shall be legally valid in their German version.
    In addition, an English translation must be prepared,
    which is of a purely informative nature.
    Changes in content are always to be made to both versions.


## Financial audit

1. Two financial auditors are to be elected by the general meeting for one year each.
    They have the task of auditing the accounts of the past fiscal year of the association.
2. All documents of the association, invoices, bank statements and the like are to be made available to the financial auditors.
3. The financial auditors must be members of the association with full legal capacity.
    They may not be a member of the board and may not be employed by the association.
4. The financial audit should be completed at least one month before the ordinary general meeting.


## Dissolution

1. The dissolution of the association can only be decided in a general meeting,
    which has been explicitly convened for this purpose,
    with a majority of 3/4 of the votes cast and a maximum of five dissenting votes.
2. Unless the general meeting decides otherwise, the board of directors will take over the liquidation.
3. In the case of dissolution of the association or discontinuation of the previous purpose, the assets of the association shall fall to the "Free Software Foundation Europe",
    which has to use it directly and exclusively for non-profit purposes.
